head over to the castle quite obviously
mailbox again all right Oh from Beatles
I think this is our actual club
membership card or something yeah well
alright then I don't know if we're gonna
have time for this in this video you
might not if we don't then I'll just you
know make it like part of a separate
video and you know what happened then by
the way what we want to do is get over
here I think this was the room as the
room talked to Russell the captain and
let's play a little game as he calls it
and we need to give them 60 hits it
costs a bit of money but actually got
like a hundred hits on my first try it's
not particularly difficult it's all
about pattern and repetition and you can
really you can see them like swinging
their spear so you can easily figure out
when they're going to attack there we go
we're already a 3rd done you get to take
33 hits
it's a little bit harder on camera but
not much there we go we can or much do
it wherever we want at this point
because we're gonna make it like for
sure there we go 60 I hope it was 60
there we go yep sexy heart container
there we go and now we want to get over
to the tower of spirits let's do that
exit out of castle town we have what
seven hearts now alright nine more to go
there's most of the heart containers in
this game Extra are not that difficult
to get there pretty easy in fact some of
the heart pieces in like ocarina of time
and you know various Zelda games you
know just just various games toilet
princess and it doesn't matter that's
not the point some of the heart pieces
in other games were harder to get some
of the heart containers in this game and
in phantom hourglass they're also pretty
easy to get sent away now we just need
to get over to the tower of spirits and
then in the next part and actually
probably next two or three parts we will
be conquering the tariff spirits for the
third time I think we need to go through
like six different times or whatever
something like that i'm pretty sure it's
six visits so quite a bit but anyway
there it is
and here we are then if you like this
video please rate comment subscribe and
I'll see you guys next time